Environmental conservation and sustainability are becoming increasingly important to our planet as time runs out on humans' irreversible damage. However, as pressing as this issue is, it is often overlooked or neglected by the general public. I feel it is important to bring awareness of the issue and possible simple remedies to the public in hopes that we can all work together towards a solution. In my website, Things We All Should Know, I aim to provide a one stop location that is quick and simple for people to learn about the problem and then learn about some actionable solutions. The Home page includes a graphic that I created using GIMP that depicts the time crunch to solve these environmental issues. It also introduces what the website's purpose is and what readers can look to find. The Facts page describes 10 shocking facts about how large the human impact on the environment is. There is also a compelling TED Talk about the dangers of plastics. The Solution page gives insights into new laws and regulations as well as emerging technologies that are aimed at protecting the environment. I also included a list of simple at home actions that are easy enough for everyone to do. All these added together can really make an impact if everyone buys in. The last Organizations pge provides a list of companies that have the best environmental policies and some ofthe companies that have the worst environmental impacts to encourage people to be more informed and ethical consumers. Ther is a link to a website that ranks top companies on several criteria related to ethical business practices, including environmental impact. I also listed a few highly ranked charities if any viewers feel they have the desire to donate. Lastly, I included some impactful quotes to inspire the viewers and included a fotter with a link to my assets list.
